In a world where almost 2 million dogs are adopted annually (with this statistic said to be increments in coming years), it almost becomes necessary for people to be able to see which dog they want to be their perfect buddy.  However, many people are adamant to visiting animal shelters, particularly due to them having some expectations as well as some constraints as well to their homes and lives. To fulfill this need, many animal shelters have websites dedicated for informing people about these dogs.

In order to facilitate the same and easing the process, the project decided to create a recommendation system for these shelters, wherein people can give a rough photo of their desired dog as well as a description of what kind dog they want to adopt, and the system would give out 8 recommendations to them.

This project aims to create a recommendation system for dog adoptions by taking taking images and dog descriptions from MSPCA. The project would further take data from the user and compare these items from the data present in the dataset in order to recommend potential adoptees. In particular, the project plans -
* On using Deep Convolutional Networks to get feature spaces for images present in the dataset as well as to extract features from image presented by the user.
* On using Transformers to get feature spaces for description presented in the dataset as well as on the text prompt given by the user.
* Combine these two features and compare features from the feature space presented in the dataset with the features generated from the user in order to recommend relevant data to the user.
